# Description

#####  [Order now](https://puqcloud.com/whmcs-module-emby.php) | [Download](https://download.puqcloud.com/WHMCS/servers/PUQ_WHMCS-Emby/) | [FAQ](https://faq.puqcloud.com/)

Thanks to the module, the company is able to offer public media services to its customers based on Emby accounts.

The module is used to create customer accounts on the previously prepared Emby server. The module enables You to define multiple public media packages and sell them at different prices. The module creates a customer account according to the selected package. The client can have many independent accounts in the media.

>For the correct operation of the module, a pre-prepared Emby installation is required (the module does not assist in the installation of the Emby server and assumes that such installation is ready for operation through API.) Module use Emby API to manage clients account.

>We have prepared a detailed installation manual for the module, including all the steps needed to implement the module, including the preparation of the Emby server, including all installation steps such as PHP, Emby , SSL certificates etc.

### Functions:

- Auto create and deploy client account
- The module uses only the API to manage the accounts
- Module supports multilingualism **(Arabic, Azerbaijani, Catalan, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Farsi, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish, Romanian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian)**
- The module shows all user info: enabled user libraries, active devices etc.
- Link to instructions for setting up the service in the client area.

### Available options in the admin panel:

- Create users
- Suspend users
- Terminate users
- Unsuspend users
- Change users password
- Change Package
- Drop all devices
- API connection status
- List of active devices
- List of enabled user libraries

### Available options in the client panel:

- List of active devices
- List of enabled user libraries
- Drop all devices
- Change the Emby user password

- - - - - -

>WHMCS minimal version: 8 +

>Emby minimal version: 4.7+